Reduced to the minimum: The rPi evaluates the presence of a carrier signal - digitally.
The electrical setup is significantly reduced with the replacement of the ADS1115 A/D converter by the 1-bit A/D converter LM393. The LM393 is a comparator and compares two input signals (reference voltage level and the speaker signal under test) and outputs the voltage level of the supply voltage Vss when the reference voltage is exceeded. At the GPIO input of the rPi, these pulses only need to be counted.
In this setup, another challenge was mastered: The built-in radio KRT2 (copilot side) used at our airfield is to be used as radio. The signal level to be picked up at the Speaker+ output is particularly important. This is 6 to 8 volts and is LOW active. I.e. with a received signal this level drops to approx. 3 volts. Also, the protective resistor in the circuit of the PTT button had to be omitted, since a higher current is required at the KRT2 to activate PTT.
The source code was also reduced to a minimum. The code of the click_listener was rewritten in the core and also contains an edge detection. Longer clicks/radio calls (>1 sec.) are ignored. New is the option that the signal to be detected can also be LOW active. The weather module from version 2 has been optimized, so that weather retrieval and transcoding can be called as a Python function from the click-listener. The 433 MHz transmitter and receiver for controlling a traffic light is still installed. As soon as there is time next winter, all the extensions from version 2 will be added.
In the production environment a "ready to use" LM393 module is used at the moment, which can be bought for 2 to 3 Euro.
Because the signal level to be detected is much higher than 5 volts and also the reference voltage is about 4.5 volts, supplying the LM393 with the 5 volts available at the rPi is not sufficient. Since 12 volts are available at the KRT2 and the LM393 module is designed for a supply voltage of up to 24 volts, this supply voltage can be used. However, it must be noted that the output signal of the LM393 corresponds to the supply voltage (i.e. 12 volts). A voltage of more than 3.3 volts at the GPIO input of the rPi can damage or destroy it. A simple voltage divider, which limits the input voltage at the GPIO to e.g. 2.5 to 3 volts protects the Raspberry. Now only the inverted signal position (LOW active) has to be adjusted either at the source code or by another inverting LM393 device.

